Changing to real example on API contribution guide (#683)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/contributing/docs.md

> We value your contribution to the community, and want to make sure that your changes continue to help users release after release.

For example, consider the operation `GreaterThan(xs : LittleEndian, ys : LittleEndian, result : Qubit) : Unit`.
A documentation comment should help a user learn how to interpret `xs` and `ys`, what the operation assumes about the initial state of `result`, what the effect on `result` is, and so forth.
Each of these different pieces of information can be provided to the Q# compiler by a specially named Markdown section in the documentation comment.
For the example of `GreaterThan`, we might write something like the following:

```qsharp
/// # Summary
/// Applies a greater-than comparison between two integers encoded into
/// qubit registers, flipping a target qubit based on the result of the
/// comparison.
///
/// # Description
/// Carries out a strictly greater than comparison of two integers $x$ and $y$, encoded
/// in qubit registers xs and ys. If $x > y$, then the result qubit will be flipped,
/// otherwise the result qubit will retain its state.
///
/// # Input
/// ## xs

> /// LittleEndian qubit register encoding the first integer $x$.

Reviewer: Here, the type information (namely, `LittleEndian`) is provided by the documentation generation tool and is thus redundant. Thus, we can instead focus on what that type means to the user: that it specifies the representation used for encoding the integer into qubits.
```suggestion
/// A register encoding the first integer $x$ in a little-endian representation.
```

/// ## ys
/// LittleEndian qubit register encoding the second integer $y
/// ## result
/// Single qubit that will be flipped if $x > y$.
///
/// # References
/// - Steven A. Cuccaro, Thomas G. Draper, Samuel A. Kutin, David
///   Petrie Moulton: "A new quantum ripple-carry addition circuit", 2004.
///   https://arxiv.org/abs/quant-ph/0410184v1

> ///

Reviewer: This blank line will cause for the two lists to be separate lists, rather than a single list with two items.
```suggestion
```

/// - Thomas Haener, Martin Roetteler, Krysta M. Svore: "Factoring using 2n+2 qubits
///     with Toffoli based modular multiplication", 2016
///     https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.07995
///
/// # Remarks

> /// Uses the trick that $x - y = (x'+y)'$, where ' denotes the one's complement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// This operation uses the technique that $x - y = (x'+y)'$, where ' denotes the one's complement.
```

> operation GreaterThan(xs : LittleEndian, ys : LittleEndian, result : Qubit) : Unit is Adj + Ctl {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operation GreaterThan(xs : LittleEndian, ys : LittleEndian, result : Qubit)
: Unit is Adj + Ctl {
```
Following Q# style, long operation signatures should be broken at the `:`.

    // ...
}
```

> You can see the rendered version of the code above [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.arithmetic.greaterthan?view=qsharp-preview)

Reviewer: Giving a descriptive name to links helps with accessibility and SEO.
```suggestion
You can see the rendered version of the code above in the [API documentation for the `GreaterThan` operation](https://docs.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.arithmetic.greaterthan?view=qsharp-preview)
```

> Please make sure to not manually edit the generated API documentation, as these files are overwritten with each new release.
> We value your contribution to the community, and want to make sure that your changes continue to help users release after release.

For example, consider the function `ControlledOnBitString<'T> (bits : Bool[], oracle : ('T => Unit is Adj + Ctl)) : ((Qubit[], 'T) => Unit is Adj + Ctl)`.
A documentation comment should help a user learn how to interpret `bits` and `oracle` and what the function is for.
Each of these different pieces of information can be provided to the Q# compiler by a specially named Markdown section in the documentation comment.
For the example of `ControlledOnBitString`, we might write something like the following:

```qsharp
 /// # Summary

>  /// Returns a unitary operator that applies an oracle on the target register if the control register state corresponds 

Reviewer: It looks like some of the improvements to the documentation comment suggested by @bettinaheim are still on the feature/qml branch, sorry. Would you be willing to use https://github.com/microsoft/QuantumLibraries/blob/feature/qml/Standard/src/Canon/Utils/ControlledOnBitString.qs instead here?

Author: Ok! Done!

 /// * apply an `X` operation to each qubit of the control register that corresponds to `false` element of the `bits` again to return 
 /// the control register to the original state.
 ///
 /// The output of the `Controlled` functor is a special case of `ControlledOnBitString` where `bits` is equal to `[true, ..., true]`.
 ///
 /// # Example
 /// The following code snippets are equivalent:
 /// ```qsharp
 /// (ControlledOnBitString(bits, oracle))(controlRegister, targetRegister);
 /// ```
 /// and
 /// ```qsharp
 /// within {
 ///     ApplyPauliFromBitString(PauliX, false, bits, controlRegister);
 /// } apply {
 ///     Controlled oracle(controlRegister, targetRegister);
 /// }
 /// ```
 /// The following code prepares a state $\frac{1}{2}(\ket{00} - \ket{01} + \ket{10} + \ket{11})$:
 /// ```qsharp
 /// using (register = Qubit[2]) {
 ///     ApplyToEach(H, register);
 ///     (ControlledOnBitString([false], Z))(register[0..0], register[1]);
 /// }
 /// ```
 function ControlledOnBitString<'T> (bits : Bool[], oracle : ('T => Unit is Adj + Ctl)) : ((Qubit[], 'T) => Unit is Adj + Ctl)
 {
     return ControlledOnBitStringImpl(bits, oracle, _, _);
 }
```

> You can see the rendered version of the code above in the [API documentation for the `ControlledOnBitString` function](https://docs.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.canon.controlledonbitstring?view=qsharp-preview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the rendered version of the code above in the [API documentation for the `ControlledOnBitString` function](xref:microsoft.quantum.canon.controlledonbitstring).
```
